Assigmnent 29th jan
Who Development python programmimg language ?
python was Created by Guido van Rossum.

Which types of programmimg does python support/\

PYTHON Supports Multiple Programmimg Paradigms, including;

Obect-Oriented programming (OOP)
imperative programmimg
Functional Programmimg
Procedural Programmimg
Is Python Case Sensitive When Darling With Identified ?
Yes , Python is Case Sensitive.
python File Correct Extention ?
The Correct File Extension For Python File is ".py"

Is python code compiled Or interpreted ?

python Code is interpreted not Compiled.
Name a few Blocks of Code Used to Defind in python Language ?
in Python , Function , Classes , Loops, and Conditional Satements are used to defind code structures.
State a character Used to give Single line Comments in python ?
in python ,the "#" Symbol is used for single line comments.
Menyion Function which can help us to find the version of python that we are Currently Working on?
The sys Module in python provides a Version attribute that can be used to find the version of python that you are currently working on . you Can access it using  sys.version
What does pip stand for python ?
"pip"stand for "pip installs packages."
mention a few bulit-in function in python ?
Some of the bulit-in function in python are ;
1. print() -used to display output to the console.
2. len() -used to get the length of a string, list, tuple, dictionary, or any other iterable.
3. max() and min () - used to find the maximum and minimum values in a list or any other itrable.
4. Sum() -Used to find the sum of values in alist or any other iterable.\
What is the Maximum passible length of as identifier in python ?
In python , there is no limit to the length of an identifier (varaible, function name , etc .) it can be as long as your system's memory allows.
What are the benefits of Using Python ?
The benefits of using python include :
ease of use , Versatility, large community and rich libraries, cross-platform compatibility , dynamic typing.
How to install python on windows and set path varaible ?
TO install python on windows and set the PATH variable;
Download python from offical website.
Run installer and select opention add to PATH
OPen Command prompt and run python--version to check installtion.
To set PATH manually, edit System Emviroment Variables, and python path to "path" varaible.
close windows and open new Command prompt to apply Changes.
Is indentionrequiredin python ?
yes , indentation is required in python to defind code blocks and improve code readability.
